Add image/binary signing verification docs (#5272)
knative/docs: docs/snippets/security-prereqs-binaries.md

## Verifying Binaries

Knative releases from 1.8 onwards are signed with [cosign](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/overview).

- **Verifying CLI Binaries**

Knative releases from 1.8 onwards are signed with [cosign](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/overview). You can use the following steps to verify our binaries.

> 1. Download the files you want, and the `checksums.txt`, `checksum.txt.pem` and `checksums.txt.sig` files from the releases page:
>     ```sh
>     # this example verifies the 1.8.0 kn cli from the knative/client repository
>     wget https://github.com/knative/client/releases/download/knative-v1.8.0/checksums.txt
>     wget https://github.com/knative/client/releases/download/knative-v1.8.0/kn-darwin-amd64
>     wget https://github.com/knative/client/releases/download/knative-v1.8.0/checksums.txt.sig
>     wget https://github.com/knative/client/releases/download/knative-v1.8.0/checksums.txt.pem
>     ```
> 1. Verify the signature:
>     ```sh
>     COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign verify-blob \
>     --cert checksums.txt.pem \
>     --signature checksums.txt.sig \
>     checksums.txt
>     ```
> 1. If the signature is valid, you can then verify the SHA256 sums match with the downloaded binary:
>     ```sh
>     sha256sum --ignore-missing -c checksums.txt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the files you want, and the `checksums.txt`, `checksum.txt.pem`, and `checksums.txt.sig` files from the releases page, by running the commands:

    ```sh
    wget https://github.com/knative/client/releases/download/<kn-version>/checksums.txt
    wget https://github.com/knative/client/releases/download/<kn-version>/kn-darwin-amd64
    wget https://github.com/knative/client/releases/download/<kn-version>/checksums.txt.sig
    wget https://github.com/knative/client/releases/download/<kn-version>/checksums.txt.pem
    ```

    Where `<kn-version>` is the version of the CLI that you want to verify. For example, `knative-v1.8.0`.

1. Verify the signature by running the command:

    ```sh
    COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign verify-blob \
    --cert checksums.txt.pem \
    --signature checksums.txt.sig \
    checksums.txt
    ```

1. If the signature is valid, you can then verify the `SHA256` sums match the downloaded binary, by running the command:

    ```sh
    sha256sum --ignore-missing -c checksums.txt
    ```

Reviewer: add line spacing between steps for clarity

Reviewer: steps should always have "by running the command" or similar, per https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/main/contribute-to-docs/style-guide/documenting-code.md#documenting-commands

!!! note

>     `COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1` is used to allow verification of images signed
>     in `KEYLESS` mode. To learn more about keyless signing, please refer to
>     [Keyless Signatures](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign/blob/main/KEYLESS.md#keyless-signatures)
>     Our signing identity(Subject) for our releases is `signer@knative-nightly.iam.gserviceaccount.com` and the Issuer is `https://accounts.google.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1` is used to allow verification of images signed in `KEYLESS` mode. To learn more about keyless signing, please refer to [Keyless Signatures](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign/blob/main/KEYLESS.md#keyless-signatures). The signing identity for Knative releases is `signer@knative-nightly.iam.gserviceaccount.com`, and the issuer is `https://accounts.google.com`.
```
